installing an add-on repository: update (#34115)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_includes/common-tasks/third-party-addons.md

## Installing a third-party add-on repository

Home Assistant allows anyone to create an add-on repository to share their own add-ons with the community.

{% warning %}
Home Assistant cannot guarantee the quality or security of third-party add-ons. Use at your own risk.
{% endwarning %}

To add an add-on repository, follow these steps:

1. Copy the URL of the repository.

>    - If you do not have your own repository, but want to try how this works, you can use our example add-on repository:

Reviewer: This sentence feels a bit strange to me, I'd expect people which get here got linked from a repository or otherwise already know the repository they want to add, and are just interested on where to add it.

I see you use that in the example, so maybe something like:
```suggestion
   - The URL is simply the git repository clone URL (use Code and copy the https/web URL).
   - This documentation uses our example add-on repository, which is not really practically useful but follows the same steps. If you are interested in add-on development, refer to our [add-on development documentation](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/add-ons).
```

        ```text
        https://github.com/home-assistant/hassio-addons-example
        ```
2. Go to {% my supervisor title="**Settings** > **Add-ons**" %} and select **Add-on store**.
   ![Screenshot of the add-on store](/images/getting-started/add-ons.png)
3. In the top-right corner, select the three dots {% icon "mdi:dots-vertical" %} menu, and select **Repositories**.
4. Add the URL of the repository and select **Add**.
   ![Screenshot of the add-on store](/images/hassio/screenshots/adding_repositories.png)
   - **Result**: A new card for the repository will appear.
   ![Screenshot of the add-on store](/images/hassio/screenshots/add-ons-community_example.png)

### Troubleshooting: Repository is not showing up

> If you have added an add-on repository, but it's not showing up, it means that the add-on repository contains invalid configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have added an add-on repository, but it's not showing up, make sure to refresh your browser. If it still doesn't show up, the add-on repository may contain invalid configuration data.
```

> 1. Go to {% my logs title="**Settings** > **System** > **Logs**" %} to find the System log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to {% my logs title="**Settings** > **System** > **Logs**" %} and select Supervisor in the top right corner to get the Supervisor log.
```

## Installing a third-party add-on repository

Home Assistant allows anyone to create an add-on repository to share their own add-ons with the community.

{% warning %}
Home Assistant cannot guarantee the quality or security of third-party add-ons. Use at your own risk.
{% endwarning %}

To add an add-on repository, follow these steps:

1. Copy the URL of the repository.

>    - The URL is simply the git repository clone URL (use Code and copy the https/web URL).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The URL is simply the git repository clone URL (on GitHub, use the Code button and copy the https/web URL).
```

>    - The URL is simply the git repository clone URL (on GitHub, use the Code button and copy the https/web URL).

Reviewer 2: HTTPS

Author: #https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/pull/34129
